What are you doing?
If this matter is not handled well
You get out of here
Du Sheng's talent and beauty broke tax records
Zombies has intervened
There's nothing we can do about it.
Find a way for me yourself
What are you still doing?
This talented and beautiful woman has made my father miserable
Du Feiyun, what's the matter with you?
The talented woman suddenly exploded
Even the tax records were dug up
What!
If you give me another chance, I'm sure I can handle it.
What's the use of dealing with it now?
His live stream has been removed from the shelves.
Now the whole network is full of negative news about him
Even our show-off media was boycotted by Chen Wang
Pony, trust me.
I will definitely handle this matter well.
It will make the talented and beautiful go LIVE again
I don't think you have this chance.
What are you doing here?
You are not welcome here
Why are you still hitting me?
It's to see my jokes
Well, you said it.
I just came to see your jokes
How does it feel to eat the consequences?